What's your biggest question about life?
Why are people so obsessed with kicking round objects?
Well, there's that, but seriously, anything?
Why do people hate?
If we all go to children, what's the deal?
Good question, and one of the Bible definitely answers.
But you've a train to catch, so we'll stop there.
But is Tuesday still good?
Assuming spacetime hasn't collapsed into a singularity, I'm open.
Okay. Cool.
On Tuesday, we'll carry on with...
So, how's the study going?
Brilliant. Was it for the easy stuff?
Oh, what I loved about this prophecy
is that it was written like 200 years before actually happened
and every single detail came true.
The men in charge just left the gates open.
I mean, I would have fired anyone that got drunk
and left to see gates open.
Anyway, back to the prophecy book.
So God is love, but he's going to kill billions. How's that work?
Well, it'll make sense later.
But for now, let's just focus on what I was talking about earlier.
What's so nice about this chapter is that it's talking about prayer.
Well, it's talking about how Jehovah helps us with prayer.
And so it's really lovely because we can pray to someone
who's basically all of this is evidence of the last days.
So what would you say of the signs of the last days?
Wars.
Disasters.
Red people.
Yeah?
Anything else?
No.
Okay.
That's fine. We can just...
We'll just review it in the next lesson.
That's fine. Do you want to just wrap it up now then?
Is everything okay?
This will. I'm going to go.
All right. Bye, Gladys.
She just said one word. I just...
I said one word to do.
Well, thankfully, I've never had a student like that.
Okay. She's really getting a hang of the ceremony.
She is.
But seriously, I...
I really put myself into the study to try and make it live.
And I get...
Yes. No.
Maybe.
Or another insufferable off-topic question.
Maybe let's do a bit of research.
You'd say that.
I'll put the kettle on.
Thanks.
Here we go.
October 2020 Watchtower.
This box.
Exercise self-control by not talking too much.
I guess I do need help.
But look.
Let the students see that you're excited about Bible truths.
But on that.
Make friends in the congregation.
I could or maybe we could do this.
Look for signs that reveal her desire to serve Jehovah.
Who's free on Friday?
Sorry, Jalen, busy.
Oh, yeah. I'd love to.
Okay.
So, a surprise today.
My usual lecture has been cancelled in favour of a discussion.
And?
Jalen, I'm not really the drum roll type.
Oh.
Hi. I'm Nita.
One of Jade's remakes.
And your...
Gladys.
So.
Let's start with the question you hit me with last time.
Which is, why do we stay neutral when we see injustice?
Take it, you've had your fair share?
Me too.
Although not as bad as my mum and dad for what they tell me.
But how are things ever changed if we don't do something about it?
Let's see what the Bible has to say.
In Jeremiah chapter 10, I'm verse 23.
Could you read that?
I will know, Jehovah, that man's way does not belong to him.
It does not belong to man who is walking even to direct his death.
But if that's true, then the future of the human race is looking quite bleak.
Does that mean then?